---
username: Shawn_Corey
name: Nathan Swain, Shawn Crawley and Corey Krewson
image: ''
location: Tethys Geoscience Foundation
bio: <div align="left"> </div>
website:
google_scholar:
twitter: 
instagram: 
linkedin:
youtube:
tiktok:
---

<div align="left">
Dr. Nathan Swain is the Director of Development Services at Aquaveo specializing in developing open-source web solutions for water resources modeling, hydroinformatics, and GIS applications. He completed a Ph.D. at Brigham Young University with an emphasis on Civil and Environmental Engineering and Hydroinformatics. His research culminated in the development of Tethys Platform, an open-source, geospatial web application development framework.

</div>

<div align="left">
Shawn Crawley is an Associate Software Engineer at Lynker where he primarily supports the Geospatial Intelligence Division of the National Water Center under NOAA's Office of Water Prediction. His expertise includes automating and optimizing GIS-data-driven workflows based in SQL, Python and JavaScript. He also serves on the Steering Committee for the Tethys Platform project and as a board member of the Tethys Geoscience Foundation. In these roles, he has contributed many improvements and innovative features to the Tethys Platform to lower the barrier of entry for new users. He received his Master's Degree in Civil and Environmental Engineering from Brigham Young University with a focus on GIS and Hydroinformatics.

</div>

<div align="left">
Corey Krewson is a software engineer with a passion for developing simple, effective solutions to complex problems. After earning both his bachelor’s and master’s degrees from Brigham Young University, Corey spent four years at the National Water Center, where he built and maintained large-scale data pipelines in the AWS cloud. His work focused on processing and analyzing terabytes of hydrologic data to create user-friendly geospatial products, including leading the development of dynamic, near–real-time continental flood maps.
Following his time as Technical Director for the Hydrologic Visualization and Inundation Services, Corey returned to Aquaveo as a software engineer, where he now specializes in building custom web applications and tools using the Tethys Platform.
</div>